Some of the compromises are the normal sorts of difficulties that all intellectuals face--from over-edited writing meant to make easy any difficult idea to the need for excessive conflict in order to make the work "interesting."
But the main successes--curbing the budget deficit, presiding over steady growth with low inflation, shrinking the government work force, passing the North American Free-Trade Agreement--are achievements of which any moderate conservative could be proud.
Herrnstein and Murray, sounding like the souls of caution, write that "half a century of work, now amounting to hundreds of empirical and theoretical studies, permits a broad conclusion that the genetic component of IQ is unlikely to be smaller than 40 per cent or higher than 80 per cent.
As Bown takes pains to point out, it descended largely intact from the artistic currents of the 19 th century and had its roots both in classic Western art and in much older local traditions, including the work of such Russian masters as the 15 th century monk Andrei Rublev.
A close friend is a plastic surgeon who did some minor (OK, semi-major) facial work on me in the past.
This week, we challenge you to get from this review of a work by Georges Feydeau, French playwright and master of the intentional farce (unfortunately, the Toronto Sun misspelled Feydeau's first name), to this page devoted to Celine Dion, French Canadian singer and master of the unintentional farce.
Reviewers hail this biography as "a work of deep research and intense concentration, full of archive-sweat, legwork and looking" (Julian Barnes, the New York Times Book Review ), not to mention a great read.
Saucy foods work, bready foods don't.
It may be a good idea to attract better soldiers, sailors, and airmen with huge salary increases, but military service is so different from civilian work that most wage comparisons are extremely suspect.
At least we'd get a more vivid idea of how justice works.
Carl Jung once observed that it is easier to discern the presence of archetypes from the collective subconscious in works of pulp fiction by writers such as H. Rider Haggard than it is in literary masterpieces.
Your support for our work would be greatly appreciated.
19 A study in 1893 of the “sweating system” estimated that one-half of the clothing manufactured at that time came from factories, while the other half originated in home work or was subcontracted in small shops often adjoining homes.
Hence, it seems that in principle any such arbitrary measurement can detect a source of energy that can be used to extract work.
During the course of our work on the mNoc cDNA it was reported [ 38, 39] that a transposable IAP of viral origin, present in about 1000 copies throughout the mouse genome, is found in the first intron of the mNoc/CCR4 gene.
The work is a portion of MA's doctoral thesis.
Inevitably, there are numerous caveats and limitations that apply to this preliminary work.
It is noteworthy that immune serum from mice with ovarian autoimmunity reacts specifically with an oocyte-specific protein called MATER [ 24 25 ] . We have subsequently identified the homologous human MATER gene and protein [ 26 ] In ongoing work we are evaluating the value of MATER antibodies as a marker for autoimmune ovarian failure in women.
This study is part of the work of that consortium and the methods are described in detail elsewhere [ 8 36 ] . In brief, between 1993-1995 we interviewed by telephone charter boat captains from consortium states who were active in 1992 and their spouses (presumed frequent GLSCF consumers: captains cohort, n = 1863 households; approximately 83% response rate).
Accordingly, the legislation requires that agricultural employers recruit U.S. workers first, and that the terms of work offered foreign workers, when
The IJC also supports the work of the Round Table, which has a number of sections (senior law, consumer law, public benefits, housing, family law, Hispanic Law, etc.) to which advocates from throughout the state belong.
GAO will strive to meet the Congress' needs within available resources and exercise the independence necessary to guarantee that its products and work conform to professional standards and the agency's core values of accountability, integrity, and reliability.
While the work is ongoing, GAO will provide them (1) periodic status reports on the work, (2) briefings on the preliminary and final results of the work, and (3) notification before the draft product is sent to the agency for comment and offer a copy of the draft for informational purposes.
BLS' measure of labor input not only takes into account changes in the size of the labor force, but also changes in its composition as measured by education and work experience.
Again, engineering drawings are critical because they include details on the parts and work instructions needed to make the product and reflect the results of testing.
2.5 Financial audits are performed under the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants' (AICPA) generally accepted auditing standards for field work and reporting, as well as the related AICPA Statements on Auditing Standards (SASs) which interpret the standards and provide guidance on conducting such work.
With experienced staff, supervisors may outline the scope of the work and leave details to the staff.
This work is necessary regardless of whether the data are provided to auditors or auditors independently extract them.
The natural aggregation of work activities and tasks performed for program delivery.
It will certainly require a more stable GAO, in which budget and personnel levels remain consistent from year to year and reflect a work plan built from the strategic plan.
The attorneys can search through that listbased on criteria including the location where the work needs to be done and the field of law in which it concentrates.
The work performed by Rustom and colleagues suggests that cell protrusions are a general mechanism for cell-to-cell communication and that information exchange is occurring through the direct membrane continuity of connected cells, independently of exo- and endocytosis.
The PLoS community journals will give authors an opportunity to publish a greater range of high-quality papers in open-access journals, so that anyone can read, use, and build on their work.
Previous works have suggested that the climate can work in a number of ways, by influencing the life cycle of both disease vectors and the disease-causing organism, and, as here perhaps, by affecting the resistance of the host.
His greatest works are of mythological, religious and historic themes.
The Ming were also noted for their superb ink paintings, cloisonné enamel work, furniture design, and lacquerware — but above all for their porcelains of the “five-colors” and “blue-and-white” schools.
The cathedral’s original architect is unknown, but Pierre de Montreuil (who was involved in the building of Sainte-Chapelle) was responsible for a large part of the 13th-century work.
you know environment the work place environment or
work in the garden work around the yard of course
uh you know the in the appearance of the people that work there and the uh quality of the food that they serve
if you don't keep up with it and uh kids kind of they want the they want the fun part and not the not the work
the amount going out for those purposes created new jobs for that work force
lot of work
and then i said well we'll see what happens then because she she had to take some time off work and she probably will even quit her job now and maybe do some part time work
okay i work with uh a lot of students and uh in my uh occupation talking to them about college and going to colleges i think uh
people around me talk about it and the people i work with are pretty you know up up-to-date on that kind of stuff so
uh well i think you probably would need more denture work wouldn't you now i don't care too much about dental work because of of their dental the dental insurance because i rarely well almost never for the last eight years have i used up enough to
uh i'm a research engineer i work uh for with Georgia Tech
people at work
and it's at the fitness center i actually work for an electronics company but we have a a fitness center
